Frank Dickinson: Hi.
Richelle Direny: So what have you said that your phone was
Frank Dickinson: I tried calling it the four o'clock one, but I couldn't get through. For some reason, my phone is being a piece of crap. I kept restarting it finally got through after I called the 800 number
Frank Dickinson: I don't know.
Frank Dickinson: Jack did something to make it work. Again, or what, but I couldn't get
Richelle Direny: What you could do like okay so the next time like that happens like at four, eight your scheduled time and you're trying to get through.
Richelle Direny: Just send me a message you see like how you because I know that by the time you sent me the message you couldn't have logged in, then, because I had a five o'clock in the five o'clock, like you both sent me a message at the same time.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, I honestly I don't know how this stuff works. I'm not really good at it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, um, but you did get my message. Well, you didn't. You did respond to the theme, you'll be there.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, but I got your message that was timestamp, but he was like 415 or something. I didn't get that until I restarted my phone.
Frank Dickinson: And then I got a message. Is there a number that I can text you it
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Frank Dickinson: That happens. Okay, I'm gonna save it under that
Frank Dickinson: That way if I can't get through. I'll just text you before it gets scary.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, cuz like I had someone in my group that
Richelle Direny: She was at which everybody was coming in, like, really late so he sent me the message and I just sent him the number so he could come in.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Frank Dickinson: And then Tuesday. I didn't know I was supposed to have group meeting with everyone and I forgot all about it. I got six kids and we were all trapped in the house because it was raining out. So it was it was super hectic and I didn't even remember to eight o'clock.
Richelle Direny: No, you're good.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, just, I'm just, just, you know, try to make it to the next one. I know.
Richelle Direny: Which was a pretty decent turnout on Tuesday, but, um, now that you have my information just just send me a message and let me know.
Richelle Direny: Whenever you know, the thing is, like, I appreciate, even if
Richelle Direny: You're coming so you know i appreciate when
Richelle Direny: Which a limited amount of people to it where I says please confirm and then they don't confirm so like I don't really know if a person is going to show her not hold on my fingers saying my internet is unstable. So, um,
Richelle Direny: If you know if you send me a message and be like, Hey, you know what I forgot, whatever the situation is like I can understand what can happen.
Richelle Direny: So just, you know, just always just send me a message that's part of the reason why I try to send the messages. So everyone
Richelle Direny: At least they can communicate with me because I can always relate it back instead of you trying to get it through bright heart and having to wait in this long. It's kind of like calling the doctor's office and you're sitting in light on hold forever waiting to get through.
Frank Dickinson: Make
Frank Dickinson: That's what I'm doing.
Frank Dickinson: When I was trying to call in, it was just going to that one screen and it didn't go pass there so I kept hanging up trying to call back in
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, um, but you're good now. So today is, um,
Richelle Direny: So today's session is what is called the bio. This is where I kind of get to know you, in terms of like understanding your history, sending your journey that you you're on.
Richelle Direny: How you started the journey kind of where you are now.
Richelle Direny: And what are your plans to continue
Frank Dickinson: That's kind of what are
Richelle Direny: What's going on now there's a knockin noise.
Frank Dickinson: Right.
Frank Dickinson: Like I started my addiction, if that's what you're talking about. That was probably
Richelle Direny: Well, let's start with this, like, let's start with how did you hear about like how did you hear about Braveheart to start
on a Thursday.
Frank Dickinson: I saw
Frank Dickinson: It was like a Facebook ad, I think.
Frank Dickinson: I seen. Oh, there's a, there's one called work it and I was looking at that and then I Googled it and then Braveheart came up
Frank Dickinson: That's how I found it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um,
Richelle Direny: So he said that you feel this is the first time you've ever been in any type of treatment program.
Frank Dickinson: No, I was in Dr Basel had he had me on Suboxone for like nine months and then I got dropped out in the program.
Frank Dickinson: Because I I drug tested a dirty ones, and they dropped me from the program.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, yeah. And this program is not like backpedal
Frank Dickinson: Because I missed the group. I'm gonna get in trouble.
Richelle Direny: Now the only the only thing that will have happen and more so in group, you'll hear me talk about AGAIN NEXT IN NEXT GROUP IS THAT THEY WILL
Richelle Direny: They will
Richelle Direny: decrease the number of refills that you get. So like let's say if you get, um,
Richelle Direny: One. I don't know how they do the refill. So like you go to group, you get a refill. And then you have like two or three films with it.
Richelle Direny: You won't, they won't, they won't do it like that. Like you would have to literally come and you would only get a script every week.
Richelle Direny: And that's how they
Frank Dickinson: That's how they do. That's how they're doing it anyway.
Richelle Direny: Yeah but but now they're becoming a lot more stricter with it.
Richelle Direny: Where if you have so like if you're not if you're consistently not showing so like there's people who come every week.
Richelle Direny: Like there. They've been consistent ever since they started the program. So then you'll find that in group. Some people only come in a group. Once on one
Richelle Direny: Because like they had been a consistent with the program coming to group whether meeting with the therapist once or by someone. However, their schedule is like they're really they really showing
Richelle Direny: That like I'm committed. This is what I wanted to. So, then your point. It's kind of like the transition from inpatient, outpatient like once you're impatient, then they put you the how patient, you only have to go to groups, a couple times a week.
Richelle Direny: And that's, that's kind of how that
Richelle Direny: This program is so but they won't drop you only time you get dropped from the program is if you your Mia for like three, four months.
Frank Dickinson: Broke.
Richelle Direny: So that's how you get dropped from the program like at that point we review it before we even drop you with collagen no harm reduction program, we're not here to just be like, oh you you sidestepping. So let me get rid of you. It's not like that.
Frank Dickinson: Looks good.
Richelle Direny: So, um, so, so, yes. Start with tell me about like how you started like, how old were you when you got started.
Frank Dickinson: I think I was like 17 or 18 I was said to work full time. I like
Frank Dickinson: Somehow my back was hurting. And then I started seeing a doctor and they put me on Vikram
Frank Dickinson: And I really enjoyed it and I ended up at like the worst. And I was taking my 30 day. And the worst part.
Richelle Direny: Is how long did it take for you to get for 30 a day.
Frank Dickinson: My second awards.
Frank Dickinson: So probably like 17 years 15 years someone like that.
Frank Dickinson: I was on for a long time, when
Richelle Direny: You said your second or so in 15 years you had to
Richelle Direny: You were married twice and divorced twice.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so when you were 17. So you started at 17 before you got married.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And so what was going on in back time and that increase the amount because you said it started because of
Frank Dickinson: Pain way but whenever I got sort of style.
Frank Dickinson: Just like non everything or got upset are using it didn't just was like an escape.
Frank Dickinson: Took the edge off a reality, I guess.
Richelle Direny: It.
Frank Dickinson: Also made me feel like really focused and really like
Frank Dickinson: I don't know how to explain it like a ton of energy.
Richelle Direny: When I'm now what started the back pain.
Frank Dickinson: Lean over
Richelle Direny: Oh, well, you started texting at 17
Frank Dickinson: I started a food scene.
Frank Dickinson: On the shop.
Richelle Direny: Said, your adoptive parents
Frank Dickinson: Yeah. On the shop.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, um, so, so, over the course of two years because of you straining your back, you were having a lot of back pain.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, it started off like that really wasn't to where I should have been prescribed
Frank Dickinson: There's just an old resolves Dr. Trying to get a cut.
Frank Dickinson: got hooked on them. And they were just writing them every month.
Frank Dickinson: So just like very good description for every one of us would say when I started using them because I like the way that maybe she'll
Frank Dickinson: Actually song. Once I started out, I started finding them buying them on the street.
Frank Dickinson: That was
Frank Dickinson: In the beginning it was like five of the day, I would say.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and
Richelle Direny: So that was the only thing was prescription
Frank Dickinson: Yeah. Never done no hero.
Richelle Direny: You've never done anything drink it was always just pills.
Frank Dickinson: You know, it was always just like
Richelle Direny: Okay. And then, um,
Frank Dickinson: Oh god alcoholism runs in my family and
Frank Dickinson: When I i can't drink because like when I drink under this key right there. I don't know where to start. I blacked out and we can other hospitals.
Richelle Direny: So when you drink you drink hard but in that moment.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah yeah like it could start with just one or two beers and I
Frank Dickinson: Just hammered by that.
Frank Dickinson: And so I don't drink at all like, I'm no better
Richelle Direny: Now I'm you send that you
Richelle Direny: You were going and 30 a day. And how long is that going for.
Frank Dickinson: A few months, probably like six or seven months.
Frank Dickinson: Oh, is that very additional
Richelle Direny: That's when you went into the program.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, I knew I was going to get help. I was gonna die.
Richelle Direny: And how old were you when that happened,
Frank Dickinson: That was probably three years ago, four years ago.
Frank Dickinson: I'm 36 now.
Frank Dickinson: So 34
Frank Dickinson: I was gone through my second two words are super stressed out.
Frank Dickinson: Now is is even close like
Frank Dickinson: They're like I said I was up to like 30 day
Frank Dickinson: Now wasn't getting prescriptions for. So I was paying cash for like $150 every day. She was killing me financially.
Richelle Direny: And then, and that's when you went into the program.
Frank Dickinson: That's when I started seeing Dr. Bob's only put me on Suboxone
Richelle Direny: And then now when he tested.
Richelle Direny: Positive. What did you test positive
Frank Dickinson: For I was on the program for a long time. I can't remember. Like how long exactly I was on the program or
Frank Dickinson: Was on it for a long time, and it was working really good. I didn't take nothing for the whole town's on
Frank Dickinson: But I was writing. I was writing on a car and I was putting a transmission by myself and I twisted the wrong way and I hurt my back.
Frank Dickinson: And I had multiple in the drawer and that I found a bug in the drawer to I took the damn molten in divided and then the next day I had a doctor's appointment. I didn't think about it.
Frank Dickinson: And so they stay within my sister that one bill was in my system.
Frank Dickinson: As
Richelle Direny: The name older
Richelle Direny: They dropped you because of the fact
Richelle Direny: That one.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Now, that was the only program that you were ever way.
Frank Dickinson: Yo,
Richelle Direny: Have you ever do you have any
Richelle Direny: underlying medical conditions. I know you said the back pain like have you gone to the doctor for them to diagnose you with folding does for degenerating. Do you have any
Frank Dickinson: I went to a chiropractor. A couple months ago and they said that I have occurred curvature of the spine or something like that.
Frank Dickinson: Like as long as I don't
Frank Dickinson: Like over exert myself. It doesn't hurt like that, you know, it only hurts when make a twist around or something.
Richelle Direny: Have you, do you have any pending charges.
Frank Dickinson: No, I just got off probation on the 17th.
Richelle Direny: You are. How long were you incarcerated for
Frank Dickinson: Oh, I was only in jail for three days.
Richelle Direny: And it was
Richelle Direny: The charges.
Richelle Direny: Domestic okay and so you were just confirmation. You're also know either pending legal we fell in
Frank Dickinson: Love. I've got like 20 years
Frank Dickinson: That's the only trouble is,
Richelle Direny: You said in 20 years
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, they have no kind of please contact me anytime
Frank Dickinson: I got kids that I'm full time responsible for their mom doesn't have anything to do with them. So I'm like full time dad like a live with me I I raised them.
Frank Dickinson: So I don't begin troubleshooting.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm till you're sick all six of your children are they from your, your two wives. Your two previous marriage and
Frank Dickinson: I got three of my first way to unless I go away and then one with a girl was very low.
Richelle Direny: So you're saying that
Richelle Direny: The five children. The to their, their mothers are not involved.
Frank Dickinson: The three from the first marriage they live with custody. Oh.
Frank Dickinson: OK, to the to from my second marriage flow with her bramble
Richelle Direny: They live with her grandmother
Richelle Direny: Yeah okay but they come to visit with
Frank Dickinson: Me every week.
Richelle Direny: If you have shared custody.
Yeah.
Frank Dickinson: The baby she lives here to
Richelle Direny: The end you're with. But you're with that mother right
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, so you live with your current
Richelle Direny: Partner
Frank Dickinson: She's at her house, but she was here two
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Oh, so you only have for the most part for kids in the home at one time.
Frank Dickinson: During the week is for the week of the six
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: See now where did you graduate high school
Frank Dickinson: I got my GED when I was
Richelle Direny: When you were in that course.
Frank Dickinson: I will. Yeah, I was in boot camp.
Richelle Direny: Oh that's right because I was thinking about when you say boot camp I you know when I remember when you said it in. I think it was in group was it that show when mouse with shy little of both. I think whole
Frank Dickinson: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I think this one is called hold is kind of like in boot camp, whether you take them like to the displace as Julie, you're talking about like into burnout.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, it was a placement. The Center for juvenile delinquents.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, who's structures like boot camp.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's what the movie was about when you had set up and then I remember that movie. That's how
Richelle Direny: It's setup, you're there for like 20 days right
Frank Dickinson: I was like 17 words.
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow. Yeah, you were there for yeah I the ones locally effort of some of them here. You're on the airplane, like you're in a wilderness or something, right.
Frank Dickinson: The one I was in was like bootcamp bootcamp shaved your head as soon as he got in there. Get your head ball woke up at 5am
Frank Dickinson: It was rough.
Frank Dickinson: I got like three files in there and kept extending my time.
Frank Dickinson: When I got out of that place. I didn't get no more trouble until just recently.
Richelle Direny: Oh, that's the 20 year gap.
Richelle Direny: That's a 20 year was what made you change the fact that they bought your head as soon as
You went
Frank Dickinson: Along here to
Frank Dickinson: Form.
Richelle Direny: They shaved you all ball, you're often best fit. No hair. Wow.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, so let's go down to, um, psychiatric history where you ever diagnosed with a mental illness.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah. Bob bipolar.
Frank Dickinson: Have an anxiety disorder, but I don't take medications or anything for I'm supposed to. I'm on social security for supposed to be on medications, but I don't I don't like the way to make me feel
Richelle Direny: You say you get Social Security for it.
Yeah. Oh.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: So those are only two so you, you do see a psychiatrist or you have not seen a psychiatrist in a while.
Frank Dickinson: As I've been seeing a counselor at a good plays, but that's how I got my insurance all fixed she helped me
Richelle Direny: So you currently see a cancer.
Yeah.
Frank Dickinson: She's trying to get me to see that there is there, but I don't want to be put on vacations.
Richelle Direny: Well, the therapist doesn't make you take the medication. They don't prescribe unless I actress or a nurse practitioner or a physician assistant and a therapist them can't prescribe medication.
Frank Dickinson: Right now I'm really stable.
Frank Dickinson: Since I've been back on this, the
Frank Dickinson: The stuff that you guys give me. I've been like everything's been a real stable. I'm trying to go on anything else. And I said,
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Frank Dickinson: That's kind of another reason I was on so long because I was like self medicate with them, if that makes any sense.
Frank Dickinson: When I was a
Frank Dickinson: Bad social anxiety deal with the public, all the time. Really it was hard, having his I
Richelle Direny: And we'll talk more and more
Richelle Direny: About
Richelle Direny: Your diagnosis mania, you get romantic was the last time you met
Frank Dickinson: I'm
Frank Dickinson: Probably when I went to jail.
Richelle Direny: Credit three days.
Yeah.
Frank Dickinson: I got into a real bad argument with my girlfriend.
Frank Dickinson: And I pushed her and I shouldn't have.
Frank Dickinson: And believe me, I learned my lesson. I don't know why I did I was super upset.
Frank Dickinson: But
Frank Dickinson: I just got off probation for all
Frank Dickinson: The Bells. Last time I was like feeling super tricky.
Frank Dickinson: That was before I was on probation. I wasn't, I was taking purpose, it should again.
Richelle Direny: I kind of
Frank Dickinson: had a lot to do that.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um,
Frank Dickinson: So long, that when I found this program is like lightsaber do because I was on I was taking cranium. That is
Richelle Direny: Credit here.
Frank Dickinson: I was taking like a 10 grams at a time like three or four times a day.
Frank Dickinson: And I love you know that, like, that's a lot. And it made me so aware. I didn't feel sick from like not having the opiates, or whatever. But at the same time, and you feel lazy maybe feel tired all the time, you're in trouble.
Frank Dickinson: So it was like a lose, lose situation and its really muscle, like I was depressed super depressed like
Richelle Direny: That what
Richelle Direny: They were doing the credit and the phone at the same time, or you were just doing a credit so
Frank Dickinson: Just a creative because I was on probation.
Frank Dickinson: And
Richelle Direny: With probation. They didn't. They didn't drop anything on you like you didn't have to
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, they I was drug tested and all the whole time. And so I couldn't take the purpose or anything like that. So I was taking for you because curriculums legal
Frank Dickinson: They can't test you for
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Um, have you had any pass suicidal thoughts.
Richelle Direny: From
Frank Dickinson: La, la, since I was a teenager.
Frank Dickinson: I got it.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, I
Frank Dickinson: Know this is not an option for me.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what about self injury behavior.
Richelle Direny: Eating disorders.
Frank Dickinson: No.
Richelle Direny: Family history. Now I know you said that you were adopted so for you to, you know what, you're not
Frank Dickinson: Just people that's
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you are fully aware, like you know your biological family.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah Yeah mom, I'm a mom talks like 11 or 12
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Frank Dickinson: So your mom. My mom.
Frank Dickinson: My dad, my
Richelle Direny: Mom is a drug addict and fatter. But what about mental health.
Frank Dickinson: My mom is extremely bipolar like she goes in and out of the hospital probably once a month.
Richelle Direny: When you say that had the like a psychiatric unit.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, like I mentioned before, for
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. When she's on medication.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, she's trial so her mom.
Frank Dickinson: I camera what was going on. She's on the monsters.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, what about your. He said, your dad. Tell your mom is bipolar. But the mountains.
Frank Dickinson: She's gotta listen to like schizophrenia or something like that. She's, she's fucking crazy. Like seriously, what is it is crazy believing she is nuts.
Frank Dickinson: And then she
Frank Dickinson: Eats all
Frank Dickinson: Build on top of it makes it even worse.
Richelle Direny: And mental illness and she's an AI.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and what about your dad.
Frank Dickinson: I went to live with my dad when I was like 11 years old when I was 12 a washing feel my uncle, and he went to prison for like some years.
Frank Dickinson: And I went back to my mom.
Richelle Direny: Your uncle, meaning you're like his brother.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah okay, my dear him on his motorcycle his car and I was like you had in front of the house was a little kid out there watching like I watch my uncle to go through the air on his motorcycle.
Richelle Direny: Know they got into a really bad our human
Frank Dickinson: Nah, I was a car accident.
Richelle Direny: Oh, with an accident.
Frank Dickinson: My dad was drinking. Well, he was and drink and drink. Anybody who's drinking and
Frank Dickinson: For some reason he pulled over on the other side of the road. They just wanted to be on the tournament driveway and then I stopped my uncle came over this hill and smashing his car mode. So they didn't even know what my Uncle Tom
Richelle Direny: Until when
Frank Dickinson: To they got his helmet off.
Richelle Direny: wasn't considered
Frank Dickinson: Manslaughter yeah it was involuntary manslaughter. The prison.
Richelle Direny: So both parents are still alive.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, my dad got out of prison and on I didn't talk about. It's like five years.
Frank Dickinson: We can have a relationship. Now like I talked to him, like on the holidays and sugar. Like we don't really talk every day or anything, but
Richelle Direny: Do you have siblings.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah.
Frank Dickinson: Think like four sisters and one brother.
Richelle Direny: With your mom and dad or just one
Frank Dickinson: With ball. They got divorced calculated from other people.
Richelle Direny: I know, I know.
Frank Dickinson: That for one brothers.
Richelle Direny: And your own
Richelle Direny: So you're what you would say
Richelle Direny: You're, you're pretty close to all
Frank Dickinson: My sisters. I am
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Now, your parents. Did your dad. He does. He was never diagnosed with a mental illness. Right.
Richelle Direny: Nah. Okay, what about
Richelle Direny: Your grandparents.
Frank Dickinson: No, I don't know, my grandparents on my dad.
Frank Dickinson: My dad was a doctor like really adopted.
Richelle Direny: Can I so he was
Richelle Direny: Adapted
Richelle Direny: Yeah, we got here, man.
Frank Dickinson: Mom, I'm a mom. So not only my my grandma.
Frank Dickinson: And she don't have much she's not. That's like the lady that took care of the time I'm keeping our eyes 11
Richelle Direny: When I will your mother, your grandmother took care of you.
Frank Dickinson: When I was 12 when I left my dad.
Frank Dickinson: My uncle. I went back to my mom, she got it. She kicked me out of it once a month. And I'd go stay in my grandmother's she had a room. So for me, and so I go back and forth.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, now
Richelle Direny: Do you have like a, you still have a relationship with your both parents
Frank Dickinson: I talked to him last night.
Frank Dickinson: My mom calls me. It's nice.
Frank Dickinson: When she needs money or, you know, help her movers on a zillion time I hear from her.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, is there any street in your family of suicide. Well, well that was involuntary manslaughter. But, um, what about suicide.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, my grandpa, my dad side killed himself shot themselves in the season for my dad me as a kid.
Richelle Direny: And actually adopted father
Frank Dickinson: Is Rio de. That's why I got adopted.
Frank Dickinson: Because it is ridiculous. So
Richelle Direny: Do you think that that's what kind of impact to the alcohol.
Frank Dickinson: I don't know, maybe I'm not closing
Frank Dickinson: I just lost last year and he's been back drinking
Frank Dickinson: So we don't talk anymore.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, he lost
Frank Dickinson: His wife he got married for like the last 12 years he's been sober, but then his wife has passed away from cancer. So he's been drinking every day again. So if you don't really talk to nobody.
Richelle Direny: And
Frank Dickinson: The only time I hear from him was when he gets drunk, and Cognos 11
Richelle Direny: You
Frank Dickinson: And
Richelle Direny: Your siblings are still alive.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah.
And do they have an extreme
Frank Dickinson: Last
Richelle Direny: You went to school next your mom's daughter bad story.
Frank Dickinson: My mom started
Richelle Direny: Now your children. How old are then
Frank Dickinson: Look,
Richelle Direny: At wherever you have the phone like everything's good. And I don't know if you must assist hand for one
Frank Dickinson: So,
Richelle Direny: Go ahead, talk
Frank Dickinson: I moved on stuff.
Richelle Direny: It's a little better but boy.
Frank Dickinson: One year old girl.
Frank Dickinson: Boy.
Frank Dickinson: girl, boy.
Frank Dickinson: For you.
So you said 1310
Frank Dickinson: Six four
Richelle Direny: And also your last travel is one years old.
Richelle Direny: And she just turned one
Frank Dickinson: She's
Richelle Direny: Right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I think maybe
Richelle Direny: It's a little bit. I think it's maybe your internet connection. Maybe what is your back, you know, what is your battery dying.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, was
Richelle Direny: It is it plugged in right now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: I know that's another thing when your battery's dying, but it does that it starts really getting crackling
Richelle Direny: Um, were you born and raised in Ohio. I mean, in Michigan.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What's the name of the program that you were going to the one that you said they want you to see a therapist or a counselor their
Frank Dickinson: Professional
Richelle Direny: Professional counseling center.
Yeah.
Frank Dickinson: When
Richelle Direny: You said it's real probation.
Yeah.
Frank Dickinson: You see a constitutional I just come on, you can move
Richelle Direny: Your, your freaking out there. Um,
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, this is the thing. If your probation officer wants you to see a counselor.
Richelle Direny: If you don't want to specifically go to that. I mean, it's really up to you if you don't want to specifically on that one. You can give a release for bright heart and just let them know that you're doing counseling through right
Well,
Richelle Direny: Well, you said that you're no longer on probation. So you don't have to do that anymore.
Frank Dickinson: But I don't see
Richelle Direny: I'm struggling trying to make out what you're saying through correctly.
Frank Dickinson: Or
Richelle Direny: Maybe try plugging in the phones in another location because I think maybe because your phone is dying.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You said that it was looking better.
Frank Dickinson: And better
Frank Dickinson: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, if your batteries batteries. I've noticed that it does affect the quality of the video.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: What I'll do is, um, I'll schedule. Let me schedule an individual session.
Richelle Direny: Or the
Richelle Direny: A follow up session. Look, I'll usually Schedule A follow up session after the BIOS
Richelle Direny: But where's mornings or evenings better for you.
Frank Dickinson: Because
Richelle Direny: The evening like this.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: today's Thursday.
Richelle Direny: I can do seven o'clock on Wednesday, the 13th.
Richelle Direny: Would that be fine.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, that's
Frank Dickinson: Where you send me
Richelle Direny: Send you a reminder of it.
Frank Dickinson: Yeah, Martin.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah, I'll send you a reminder
Richelle Direny: But then, for now the thing is
Richelle Direny: For English class, and again
Richelle Direny: So, um, I have you down for the 13 7pm and just on maybe you could put like a reminder, or you're a weekly reminder on your phone for the and I'll try my best to remember to send them a reminder, or
Richelle Direny: Have
Richelle Direny: You will work with your with group.
Richelle Direny: Ahead.
Frank Dickinson: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Frank Dickinson: So I'm, I'm going to set an alarm on my phone. So that morning.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, for the group on Tuesday. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but, um, but for the either. I'm going to try to remember to send to have them call, just to remind people for the Tuesday group, but I will definitely for the individual. I'll send you a reminder for the individual
Frank Dickinson: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And if anything comes up and even for group like if you even if you save it. Now, even if a group and you say, hey, we show you know somebody caught up. I won't be able to make it a fruit. That's fine.
Richelle Direny: Because then like I could always keep that communication as long as you keep that communication like
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: I have you down. I have you down. So we're all set. Okay.
Frank Dickinson: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, thank you so much, Frank. Have a good evening.
Frank Dickinson: Good night.
Richelle Direny: Are you too.